I did myself up special again today
So please don't get me wet
As I look up, don't drip on my face
This suddenly rainy evening
I'm cold;  I hate water
I want you to dry me off
Why are you never here
When I need you?
I need love
Close to you;  on your lap
I, my, me, mine; I'm all in
Heading for "you", my patch of sunlight
That's right,  I'm a fickle lady
Yet you're nowhere to be found
Tears? No, this is just rain
Monochrome loneliness under a cold sky
Find me, spread your umbrella and tell me you're sorry
The forecast calls for sunshine
And shelter from the rain;
Under a roof of blooming flowers
Dreaming away, la la la la la la la
Do me a favor and lend me
That cat's flappy ears
So I can't hear your fussing
Don't drone on scolding me darling
I hate how you look when you're mad
I hate how you look when you smile, too
You're not really my type in the first place
But love me anyway
You need compassion;  that's an important feeling
You live for me;  your heart's all in
Does honesty always mean selfishness?
Hey,  I'm your beloved lady
So forgive me;  I'm not at fault
I'm the one who won't flatter you
Kindness conflicts with my identity
I can't bring myself to say it
So don't expect an "I'm sorry"
If you've still got "it" in your heart
I shouldn't need to spell it out for you
With words like "Love" and "Passion"
If you have delicious food
Then I'll stay with you
If there's a funny show on TV,
Then I'll watch it with you
If your bed is warm,
Then I'll sleep beside you
What more do you want?
I'll hear you out
I'm a lady who longs for you to accept
That I just want to be spoiled sometimes
Yet you don't understand me
Passions always cool off
Maybe this is a teary goodbye
Opening the door,
It's "More rain today"
If it never stops,
I want to be under the same roof
Forever,  la la la la la la la
I say meow-o by your side
I say meow-o in your arms
I say meow-o but
Why can't I say your name?